for several days the Kamal idwan
Hospital in Northern Gaza has been
filled with fear and
horror thousands of patients medical
staff and displaced people Sheltering
there have been under siege exposed to
Shilling by the Israel
army the wounded need operations but we
can't do
anything look at this lady she will love
likely die today or tomorrow there is
not even a
mattress this old man will probably die
soon too is this a
hospital this situation is
unbearable doctors say Israeli buers
crushed tents and people in the
courtyard and Shilling destroyed the
pharmacy along with its
medicine some people died because of the
lack of medical supplies and others
because of a lack of clean
water after days of Shilling the Israeli
Army entered the
hospital they arrested the manager of
the hospital and interrogated all of the
medical staff here they even lit sniffer
dogs on us the dogs attacked an old man
in a wheelchair we couldn't stop them
they prevented us from treating the
wounded and some of them died because we
were not allowed to treat
them elsewhere in Northern Gaza air
strikes hit the homes of two
families Rescuers desperately searched
to save anyone left
alive and in the South overnight air
strikes and ruer destroyed these
children's
homes
this house was our shelter we had nice
memories here our nice stuff was here
our bikes clothes everything we used to
eat drink here in a moment it was all
destroyed there is nothing
left despite the US calls for Israel to
scale down its attacks in Gaza that's
clearly not happening and instead there
is no any place in Gaza that's
considered to be safe neither in the
North or the South and nor in un
shelters or hospitals tarum Al jazer
Rafa in the south of the
territory make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer